hello everyone today I'm going to show
you how to make minestrone soup
so as you'll see this is fairly easy
this is very good when it's cold like a
in the fall right now is very cold out
so that's why I wanted to make some soup
is very comforting there's a lot of
vegetable in there and then some pasta
and some red beans you'll see it's very
delicious and very easy to make but
we're going to start by chopping all reg
tables to get that already when we start
cooking flying so high beautiful day
beautiful day
you
and I'm all right
friends me
and we're just going to saute the
vegetables and some olive oil for a few
minutes without of salt
his only
really
sun is hot and it makes me feel good
when the vegetables are soft I'm going
to add the garlic and also a bit of dry
basil
oh what a day
it should be
you
I'm all right
now I just have to add one large can of
tomatoes one regular can of red chili
beans and about top to cup and a half of
pasta depending on how big your making
this batch of soup and we're just going
to add also four cups of chicken broth
to that we're going to mix that together
very well and then bring it to a boil
and when it starts boiling you just want
to reduce the heat just so except us and
you want to boil down until all the
vegetables are cooked and the past as
well
tonight come on
Oh
feel
he
openness easily to make for their some
pepper some Parmesan cheese I'm going to
do a bit of fresh parsley and fresh
cilantro but for the urge you can pretty
much go for whatever film-- ontology
kids of oregano to life
I hope you really enjoyed this recipe
and if you try it at home if you do
please let me know and folks a comment
down below tell me what you think if you
also have a request for recipe leave it
in the comments and you can also contact
me via Twitter or on Google+ don't
forget to rate this video thumbs up and
to subscribe also i recently passed a
hundred thousand tube and then the next
day i need 1000 subs but in order to
celebrate that i'm gonna have a big
giveaway pretty soon so stay tuned for
that